even in the current volatile property
market many of us are still hooked on
buying aren't we yeah that includes the
two of us with fascinations this is so
exciting
I am literally a three minute walk from
Angel tube station and I'm already here
to see today's auction lot now it's got
two bedrooms and the guide price was set
at two hundred and twenty thousand
pounds now I know that might sound a
little bit ridiculous to pay that sort
of money for a to bed flat but having a
North one postcode really does push the
prices up around here and the average -
bird flux in this area is set over four
hundred and seventy thousand pounds
suddenly this is starting to look like
it could be a bit of a bargain okay so
the properties fantastic you are
literally on the doorstep of Angel tube
station and upper Street which has all
of the restaurants shops and bars and
facilities that people love in the area
you're also on the on the city fringes
so in terms of those people work in the
city it's very close and easy access
isn't at the city Islington hotter areas
second floor purpose-built to bed five
to seven six to seven seven to seven
eight
sold to 792 you sir well adiola was at
the auction it was her colleague who did
the bidding they both work for a firm
that buys properties on behalf of
clients who are looking for good bites
and less opportunities I met up with
adiola to find out more I'm basically an
acquisition agent and the clients come
to me the one a property that would
always let this property came up at the
auction and I decided to go for it
location it's just perfect if you don't
get to the station in three minutes
you've taken the wrong turn so are you
going to be coming in here and doing all
the work
no I have a good team that gonna do the
work they intend starting work tomorrow
space-wise
it's a small flat with only gonna spice
you up we're going to reconfigure the
bathroom and make it into a but supposed
to the shower in there at the moment
what about the kitchen we're gonna make
it really nice modern kitchen it's gonna
have everything and what sort of budget
have you got to do this so you're
looking at a kitchen bathroom floors
carpets yeah a lot of work to do
yes it is a lot of work and we're
looking at about twelve thousand pounds
twelve thousand pounds for the whole
flat now we need central heating because
you don't have any central heating in
here the the centrally thing is gonna be
the most expensive because we're gonna
use one of the best combination boilers
for 12,000 pounds and we have a team and
dish to shop around and they're gonna
get the best so make sure it's done
perfectly okay so the guys are coming
tomorrow to turn this place around how
long is it going to take them we're
looking at about 200 1/2 weeks tops
3 weeks your guys must work pretty fast
and I have their number
once the completed flats handed over at
Eolas company then act of management
agents for it on behalf of the new
owners I do good luck with this project
I can't wait to see what you do good
luck thank you you've got a love Adeola
she has a definite plan in place well
it's now six weeks later an ad Eolas
invited us back to see the completed
flat the work on the communal areas is
finished and inside the flat is looking
great
apart from new plumbing flats also been
rewired and down lighters put in draft
there's new flooring throughout the new
double glazed windows reduce the outside
noise making the bedroom much more
inviting that tatty kitchen has had a
full refit and now looks much larger
asaji only explains and there was a big
cabinet here all the way to the top we
got rid of it change the boiler to a
combi boiler and tile in your kitchen
towels on the floor space for fridge and
then a space for washing machine in the
cabinet's as well the report makes good
reading the flats been transformed and
nowhere more so than in that tiny former
shower room the bathroom was quite small
because there are so many wooden shelves
and all that over there so we're taking
everything out and that's why I could
fit in a back in there
Adelia was adamant that the
refurbishment would cost no more than
12,000 pounds we actually went over
budget by 8,500 because the doors were
slightly more expensive we decided to go
for fighters instead and also the
windows we decided to go for double
glazed rather than the normal windows
money well spent I'd say the budget
overspend takes the total to thirteen
thousand five hundred pounds it was
really in a mess I must say and what it
looked like before and well looks like
now there's a big big difference there
was a dump site before but as you can
see now it's really looking nice I would
love to live here myself time to hear
what two local estate agents think of
this converted second floor flats I
suggest putting a part on the market for
somewhere in the region of 340 thousand
pounds we would put this on the market
at three hundred and fifty thousand
pounds that's good
we could rent this per calendar month at
eighteen hundred and fifty pounds
I was just putting the class of the
market for some in the region of
eighteen hundred pounds but Canada month
I feel that's a bit low because at the
moment we have an offer of 470 pounds
per week unfurnished we comes to 2036
per month
filming the tenant has moved in and is
paying 470 pounds a week that equates to
a healthy yield of around eight and a
half percent so job well done at the Ola
will she be heading back to auction
again definitely go back to the auction
again has been absolutely amazing and
the clown is absolutely happy think
we've all really done a good job it's a
good active meant
you